Fix #15867, #15868, #15869: Add missing byte chars notations, enforce limits in decimal notation in byte char & string (#15898)
dotnet/fsharp: src/Compiler/FSComp.txt

1154,lexOutsideDecimal,"This number is outside the allowable range for decimal literals"
1155,lexOutsideThirtyTwoBitFloat,"This number is outside the allowable range for 32-bit floats"
1156,lexInvalidNumericLiteral,"This is not a valid numeric literal. Valid numeric literals include 1, 0x1, 0o1, 0b1, 1l (int/int32), 1u (uint/uint32), 1L (int64), 1UL (uint64), 1s (int16), 1us (uint16), 1y (int8/sbyte), 1uy (uint8/byte), 1.0 (float/double), 1.0f (float32/single), 1.0m (decimal), 1I (bigint)."

> 1157,lexInvalidAsciiByteLiteral,"This is not a valid ASCII byte literal. Value must be < 128y."

Reviewer: Nit: `128y` is itself not a valid byte value, so it seems odd to use it in this message.

What about `'\127'B`, `'\u007f'B`, or something along those lines?

```suggestion
1157,lexInvalidAsciiByteLiteral,"This is not a valid byte character literal. The value must be less than or equal to '\\127'B."
```

> 1157,lexInvalidTrigraphAsciiByteLiteral,"This is not a valid ASCII byte literal. Value should be < 128y.\nNote: In a future F# version this Warning will be promoted to Error!"

Reviewer 2: Not sure we can commit to this right now. We better remove the note.

Reviewer 2: Same applies below.

Reviewer 3: It's good to write it that way actually, it should be an error eventually. I think this is appropriate for warnings which have an easy resolution.
At the same time,"future"  is not binding -> there is no harm if this takes 3,5.. or more versions to happen.

Reviewer 2: Alright, yeah, fair enough, this is not binding.

> 1157,lexInvalidTrigraphAsciiByteLiteral,"This is not a valid ASCII byte literal. Value should be < 128y.\nNote: In a future F# version this Warning will be promoted to Error!"

Reviewer: The same comment about `128y` applies here as above. I also think it would be better not to use an exclamation point here.

Reviewer 2: Thanks Brian, fixed in both cases.
